[Music]
there's a new player in the luxury sport
hybrid segment it's called the Infiniti
M 35h like its main competitor the Lexus
gs450h the M 35 Hybrid couples a gas
engine with an electric motor
however as opposed to your traditional
hybrid like say a Toyota Prius which
uses its hybrid powertrain entirely to
improve fuel efficiency the M 35 uses
its electric motor to blend fuel economy
and performance vm 35 hybrid is
infinities first vehicle powered by
Nissan's all-new in-house designed full
parallel hybrid powertrain which
comprises a 3.5 liter v6 engine
producing 302 horsepower and 258
pound-feet of torque working in
conjunction with a single electric motor
good 467 horsepower and 199 pound-feet
of torque
according to infinity this all-new
hybrid powertrain weighs 66 pounds less
than Toyota's Hybrid Synergy Drive found
in the Prius overall the system adds 264
pounds to a rear wheel drive m37 scurb
wait for a claimed total of 4,000 143
pounds pricing wise the M 35 Hybrid
slots in right underneath the v8 powered
m56 with a base price of 55 thousand
dollars not cheap but at the m 35 hybrid
truly delivers what infiniti is claiming
it will fuel economy performance in a
sporty package then perhaps it's worth
the high sticker price we headed to our
test track to find out with 67
horsepower and 199 pound-feet of torque
DM 35 hybrid electric motor provides a
hardy boost in acceleration zero to 60
is reached in a respectable 5.1 seconds
the quarter-mile takes 13.6 seconds at
104 point five miles per hour 60 to zero
braking however takes not so impressive
120 feet the m35 hybrid proves it still
has plenty of sports sedan tiene around
our handling course it achieves 0.8 4g
of lateral acceleration around our
figure eight course records a time of
twenty six point nine seconds at zero
point six eight G average so what does
all this performance cost at the gas
pump according to infinity the m35 h is
able to achieve 27 miles per gallon on
the highway and 30 miles per gallon in
the city pretty impressive numbers
considering just how quick this hybrid
is so while Infiniti may be fashionably
late to the luxury hybrid party this
technology stuffed sporty hybrid sedan
certainly looks as though it will be a
green machine worth keeping on the guest
list
[Music]